Radio Raheem here with a man who needs
absolutely no introduction but I'm gonna
introduce him anyway because I'd love to
say Sugar Ray Leonard thank you for
stopping by
giving us a little time obviously we're
at the Johnny Tapia documentary from the
LA Film Festival
first of all just give me your thoughts
about Johnny Tapia and what brought you
out for this film well I've known Johnny
for a number of years I promoted some of
his fights and I've recalled you know
Johnny's uh his battles inside and
outside the ring like some of us have
done myself included but you know Johnny
was Johnny was the epitome of a fighter
I mean he he was such a warrior and this
story about Johnny Tapia can only be
compelling for the most part you know
right you mentioned his struggles in the
ring and outside the ring and some of
the things I guess that you share but
being a fighter you have uh such a
unique perspective on the struggles that
someone like Johnny has to go through I
talked to me from that perspective what
it was that you related to in his
struggle well you know we I ain't know
being an alcoholic and being a an abuse
of drugs myself I know the battle that
he thought you know because what happens
with fighters we leave that ring that
we've dedicated our lives to and all of
a sudden you are burdened by by drugs
and alcohol and it becomes the thing
whereas that you flood your your soul
your spirit because that's all you have
left and you know if you do one or two
things make you a better man by quitting
or kills you what would you say is the
difference between how you came out to
be where you are today you're an
ambassador of the sport and Johnny
didn't make it to this point what would
you say would be the difference I think
the biggest challenge for most of us
like all of us I should say is have the
ability to surrender to say you know
what I can't make it I can't do this
anymore and once you accept that that is
the first step of
getting better you know there gonna be a
lot of young fighters that see this a
lot of aspiring fighters that may have
not gotten into that spotlight yet but
are coming from damaged homes damaged
Souls what can they learn from your
story in Johnny's story a story if you
to juxtapose the two what do you think a
young fighter a young man really could
learn from the two of you I mean there
is no real manual there's no real like
one answer for that because you know
once you hit it big like some of us can
or will you just kind of have good
people around you and you just got to be
able to maintain perspective of who you
are where you want to be afterwards and
I think that's the biggest battle just
just keeping things in perspective you
know ray I learned something every time
I speak to you it's an honor and a
pleasure I really appreciate the time
radio raheem with the legend
hall-of-famer Sugar Ray Leonard